I got a present for brother, choo choo train
And I'm just dyin' to see my dear old mother
Choo Choo train
So don't slow down till you see my home town
Choo choo train, choo choo train
I know you're not a jet aero plane
But you see my baby's waitin' at the station
So give me just a little more exceleration
Choo choo train
I got me a one-way ticket on choo choo train
All my wild oats choo choo done been sown
Choo choo train
So don't slow down 'til you see my home town
Choo choo train, choo choo train
I know you're not a jet plane
But you see my baby's waitin' at the station
So give me just a little more exceleration
Choo choo train, choo choo train
Can't you see the poor boys goin' insane
I gotta see my baby one more time
Choo choo train,...